To make the graphic show up - take a look at the javascript for the line chart, take a look at the handlebars template for the line chart. Where is it trying to stick the chart? If you're having trouble, compare with the bar chart template+js.


















Don't worry about how lines work, you don't know how to make them yet. They don't affect what you're doing at all! They're helpful to make sure you're positioning things correctly, though.











Draw those dots! On top of the lines!











What attributes do you use for cx and cy? I'd recommend reading the code to see if you can get any hints. It might not be a column directly from your csv!!!














Make sure your dots are above the lines, or else it will interfere with hovering!










"Above" as in, "the layer on top of" - it has to do with which you draw first in your d3! You can also use .raise() and .lower() to move sets of elements up and down the layers.

















Things that are drawn later are drawn on top of the other elements on the page.













If you're in an event and want to talk about the element you're clicking/hovering over/scrolling/etc, you can use d3.select(this). It only works with function(d), though, NOT with fat arrow! But you can do all the normal stuff it, just like with anything else you would .select or .selectAll.











Well, fat arrow DOES have 'this', but it doesn't work the same. So don't try to use it!!!













Yes, maybe you're focusing on d3.select(this), but remember that you still have d at your disposal!












console.log is your best friend















Capitalization can sometimes be important!!








You can use .style() to update CSS rules, just like .attr() updates attributes. For example, .style("font-size", 100) would make the text of an element really big!














When writing CSS, display: none hides elements and display: block shows them.
















For example, using .style('display', 'none') would hide an element